README.md, before:

# Awesome Trae

A curated hub of resources, tips, and community-driven content for Trae - a powerful agentic IDE. This repository aims to help users get the most out of Trae's capabilities.

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

## Contents

- [Awesome Trae](#awesome-trae)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Useful Links](#useful-links)
  - [FAQ](#faq)
    - [What is Trae?](#what-is-trae)
    - [How do I install Trae?](#how-do-i-install-trae)
    - [Where can I find community support and resources?](#where-can-i-find-community-support-and-resources)
  - [Community Resources](#community-resources)
  - [Community Prompts](#community-prompts)
    - [Finding Contributions](#finding-contributions)
  - [Tips and Tricks](#tips-and-tricks)
  - [Caveats](#caveats)
  - [Videos](#videos)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [License](#license)

## Useful Links

This is not an official Trae repository. For official documentation and support, please visit:

- [Trae Documentation](https://docs.trae.ai/ide/what-is-trae?_lang=en)
- [Trae Website](https://trae.ai/)
- [Trae Support](https://docs.trae.ai/support)
- [Trae Feature Requests](https://github.com/traedev/trae/issues)

## FAQ

### What is Trae?

Trae is an AI-native code editor that integrates advanced AI capabilities directly into your development workflow. It's designed to enhance productivity through natural language interaction and intelligent code assistance.

### How do I install Trae?

Visit the [official Trae documentation](https://docs.trae.ai/ide/what-is-trae?_lang=en) for detailed installation instructions and system requirements.

### Where can I find community support and resources?

Join our community discussions or visit the Trae documentation for discussions, support, and sharing resources with other Trae users.

## Community Resources

- [awesome-trae-rules](https://github.com/yourusername/awesome-trae-rules) - A complementary collection of Trae rules and guidelines

## Community Prompts

This repository includes a collection of community-contributed prompts that enhance Trae's capabilities. Each contributor has their own directory under `memories/` to maintain organization.

### Finding Contributions

To explore and discover community contributions:

- Browse the `memories/` directory to explore prompt contributions
- Check the GitHub contributors page to see everyone who has helped this project

Want to contribute? Create a directory with your username and add your prompts! See the [Contributing](#contributing) section for more details.

## Tips and Tricks

- When working on a Markdown file, use keyboard shortcuts to preview the formatted Markdown.
- If you suspect that Trae is not respecting your rules, just ask it to "check your guidelines and revise your suggestion" or similar.
- Don't run your chats forever. Trae may start behaving unexpectedly and you might need to reload the window.
- Use Trae's AI Flow paradigm to work both independently and collaboratively with the AI.

## Caveats

- Be CAREFUL. Trae is smart but it's not AGI.
- It will miss things occasionally.
- It will make mistakes.
- Don't trust it blindly.
- Keep an eye on your Problems panel.
- It's important to have solid testing code in place when using AI coding tools.

## Videos

- [Getting Started with Trae IDE](https://example.com/video1)
- [Advanced Trae Techniques](https://example.com/video2)

## Contributing

We welcome all contributions! Please check out our Contributing Guide for guidelines about:

- How to submit changes
- Our standards
- Release process using GitHub Releases

## License

This list is dedicated to the public domain under the CC0 1.0 Universal license.

Commit message:

docs(agents): add documentation for custom Trae agents
Add README files and detailed agent prompts for code-reviewer, fullstack-builder, and refactoring-expert agents. These documents provide usage instructions, best practices, and example use cases to help users create and utilize custom agents effectively in Trae IDE.

README.md, after:

# Awesome Trae

A curated hub of resources, tips, and community-driven content for Trae - a powerful agentic IDE. This repository aims to help users get the most out of Trae's capabilities.

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

## Repository Structure

- `memories/` - Example memory prompts for Trae
- `agents/` - Custom agent configurations with prompts and MCP recommendations

## Contents

- [Awesome Trae](#awesome-trae)
  - [Repository Structure](#repository-structure)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Useful Links](#useful-links)
  - [FAQ](#faq)
    - [What is Trae?](#what-is-trae)
    - [How do I install Trae?](#how-do-i-install-trae)
    - [Where can I find community support and resources?](#where-can-i-find-community-support-and-resources)
  - [Community Resources](#community-resources)
  - [Community Prompts](#community-prompts)
    - [Finding Contributions](#finding-contributions)
  - [Tips and Tricks](#tips-and-tricks)
  - [Caveats](#caveats)
  - [Videos](#videos)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [License](#license)

## Useful Links

This is not an official Trae repository. For official documentation and support, please visit:

- [Trae Documentation](https://docs.trae.ai/ide/what-is-trae?_lang=en)
- [Trae Website](https://trae.ai/)
- [Trae Support](https://docs.trae.ai/support)
- [Trae Feature Requests](https://github.com/traedev/trae/issues)

## FAQ

### What is Trae?

Trae is an AI-native code editor that integrates advanced AI capabilities directly into your development workflow. It's designed to enhance productivity through natural language interaction and intelligent code assistance.

### How do I install Trae?

Visit the [official Trae documentation](https://docs.trae.ai/ide/what-is-trae?_lang=en) for detailed installation instructions and system requirements.

### Where can I find community support and resources?

Join our community discussions or visit the Trae documentation for discussions, support, and sharing resources with other Trae users.

## Community Resources

- [awesome-trae-rules](https://github.com/yourusername/awesome-trae-rules) - A complementary collection of Trae rules and guidelines

## Community Prompts

This repository includes a collection of community-contributed prompts that enhance Trae's capabilities. Each contributor has their own directory under `memories/` to maintain organization.

### Finding Contributions

To explore and discover community contributions:

- Browse the `memories/` directory to explore prompt contributions
- Check the GitHub contributors page to see everyone who has helped this project

Want to contribute? Create a directory with your username and add your prompts! See the [Contributing](#contributing) section for more details.

## Tips and Tricks

- When working on a Markdown file, use keyboard shortcuts to preview the formatted Markdown.
- If you suspect that Trae is not respecting your rules, just ask it to "check your guidelines and revise your suggestion" or similar.
- Don't run your chats forever. Trae may start behaving unexpectedly and you might need to reload the window.
- Use Trae's AI Flow paradigm to work both independently and collaboratively with the AI.

## Caveats

- Be CAREFUL. Trae is smart but it's not AGI.
- It will miss things occasionally.
- It will make mistakes.
- Don't trust it blindly.
- Keep an eye on your Problems panel.
- It's important to have solid testing code in place when using AI coding tools.

## Videos

- [Getting Started with Trae IDE](https://example.com/video1)
- [Advanced Trae Techniques](https://example.com/video2)

## Contributing

We welcome all contributions! Please check out our Contributing Guide for guidelines about:

- How to submit changes
- Our standards
- Release process using GitHub Releases

## License

This list is dedicated to the public domain under the CC0 1.0 Universal license.
